Add support for up to 4 IS31FL3733 drivers (#12342)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/feature_rgb_matrix.md

RGB_MATRIX_DRIVER = IS31FL3731
```

> You can use between 1 and 4 IS31FL3731 IC's. Do not specify `DRIVER_ADDR_<N>` defines for IC's that are not present on your keyboard. You can define the following items in `config.h`:

Reviewer: Needs equivalent docs changes on `feature_led_matrix.md` too.

Author: Ah I believe my changed to `feautre_led_matrix.md` got lost in conflict resolutions with 7078d5a5bdf9a639003a124342de567c976182ff .  Added changes back

| Variable | Description | Default |
|----------|-------------|---------|

> | `ISSI_TIMEOUT` | (Optional) How long to wait for i2c messages | 100 |

Reviewer 2: The unit of time for the `100` should be specified IMO. Is it cycles? Milliseconds? Something else?

Author: Updated to reflect milliseconds

> | `ISSI_TIMEOUT` | (Optional) How long to wait for i2c messages | 100ms |

Reviewer 2: I can't shake the feeling someone may attempt to use `#define ISSI_TIMEOUT 100ms` and then complain that it doesn't work.

```suggestion
| `ISSI_TIMEOUT` | (Optional) How long to wait for i2c messages, in milliseconds | 100 |
```

RGB_MATRIX_DRIVER = IS31FL3733
```

You can use between 1 and 4 IS31FL3733 IC's. Do not specify `DRIVER_ADDR_<N>` defines for IC's that are not present on your keyboard. You can define the following items in `config.h`:

| Variable | Description | Default |
|----------|-------------|---------|

> | `ISSI_TIMEOUT` | (Optional) How long to wait for i2c messages | 100 |

Reviewer 2: Same as above.

> | `ISSI_TIMEOUT` | (Optional) How long to wait for i2c messages | 100ms |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `ISSI_TIMEOUT` | (Optional) How long to wait for i2c messages, in milliseconds | 100 |
```
